# Me-in-markdown

Hi! My name is Vaishavi Vineetkumar! I am an 11th grader here at Chatsworth Charter High School. I have one brother, his nmae is Krishna. He is 11 years old, he attends Granada Hills Charter Middle School. I also have a dog named Milo, he is turning 3 years old August 21st. I have a few favorite shows, but the one that I am currently watching is Suits. But some others are, Grey's Anatomy, The Rookie, and occasionally I will watch some disney shows for the nostalgic feeling. I had got into reading when I was in 8th grade. Before then, I absolute dispised reading of any shape or form, whether it be reading on my own or for school. The book that got me back into reading was "The Fault in Our Stars". I finished the book in 2 hours in one sitting. In terms of personal achievements, I have been swimming since I was in 6th grade and have earned a couple of medals and ribbons. I also love to play Violin, I have a variety of trophies and certificates from playing (seriously) for 3 years. A fun fact about me is I basically have no free time whatsoever, but when I do have 30 minutes here and there I love to walk my dog while listening to music. Another fun fact about me is I will alwyas stand up for myself (and others) if there is something that needs to be said. I am notthe type to sit and suffer in silence and I will most definitely not have others feeling that way. I think this is because of my past expericenes growing up. Some goals that I have for this school year is to maintain a 4.0 GPA, as I am going to be applying to colleges soon. A few places I have been to during the summer include, Hawaii, New York, Boston, Phili, and Colorado. Although I have visited many places, my favorite one by far would be Hawaii. I have been 2 times (on different islands) with my family. I am not very picky about the food I eat, but I a vegetarian because of my religion. I hope to be a little more informed about the computer science world. The most memorable experience I had this summer, was being a CIT at a summer camp, I was playing (off screen) games with the kids for 6 hours, I got to hear so many stories outta the kids. I found it so cool to see how they life their lives differently and I genuinely enjoy being around little's and having the opportunity to teach them life skills. I have played sports all my life, I started with Soccer because my dad played nationally (for india). I ended up trying gymnastics, tennis, swim and basketball. I choose to start competitive swimming when I was in 6th grade. I stopped swimming recently because of my dedication to my academics. I do still do sports over the weekend and whenever I can (mainly tennis). I have participated in volunteer work since I was in 7th grade, but it all started with Special Olympics through my swim team. I then did, food drives, magnet events, library work, helping fires, and a lot of volunteer work at the hospital. A lot of these experiences have taught me how to be a leader. Before these experiences I thought being a leader meant the ability to control a room and manage. After these experiences, I learned that being a leader is not just about the ability to have control, but it is the ability to let people be able to shine and express themselevs in a controlled enviorment. 
